[FLINK-32581][docs] Add docs for atomic CTAS and RTAS (#23116)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/dev/table/sql/create.md

* Does not support creating partitioned table yet.
* Does not support specifying primary key constraints yet.

> **Note** By default, CTAS is non-atomic which means the table created won't be dropped automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** By default, CTAS is non-atomic which means the table created won't be dropped automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.
```

#### Atomicity

If you want to enable atomicity for CTAS, then you should make sure:

> * The sink has implemented the atomicity semantics for CTAS. You may refer to the corresponding doc for the sink to know the atomicity semantics is available or not. For devs who want to implement the atomicity semantics, please refer to doc [SupportsStaging]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sourcesSinks" >}}#sink-abilities).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The sink has implemented the atomicity semantics for CTAS. You may refer to the doc for the corresponding connector sink to know the atomicity semantics is available or not. For devs who want to implement the atomicity semantics, please refer to the doc [SupportsStaging]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sourcesSinks" >}}#sink-abilities).
```

* Does not support creating partitioned table yet.
* Does not support specifying primary key constraints yet.

**Note** By default, the target table created by CTAS is non-atomic, the table won't be dropped automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.

#### Atomicity

If you want to implement atomicity CTAS, then you need to fulfill the following conditions at the same time:

> * Set option `table.rtas-ctas.atomicity-enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: Please make the following content be the first point:
```
* The sink has implemented the atomicity semantics for CTAS.  You may refer to the corresponding doc for the sink to know the atomicity semantics is available or not.  For devs who want to implement the atomicity semantics,  please refer to doc [SupportsStaging](link).
```
Then add a part for the interface `SupportsStaging` in doc table/sourcessinks/#sink-abilities just like other sink abilities.

> * `DynamicTableSink` implements the `SupportsStaging` interface.

Reviewer: Then remove these two lines.

* Does not support creating partitioned table yet.
* Does not support specifying primary key constraints yet.

> **Note** By default, RTAS is non-atomic which means the table won't be dropped or restored to its origin automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** By default, RTAS is non-atomic which means the table won't be dropped or restored to its origin automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.
```

### Atomicity

If you want to enable atomicity for RTAS, then you should make sure:

> * The sink has implemented the atomicity semantics for RTAS. You may refer to the corresponding doc for the sink to know the atomicity semantics is available or not. For devs who want to implement the atomicity semantics, please refer to doc [SupportsStaging]({{< ref "docs/dev/table/sourcesSinks" >}}#sink-abilities).

Reviewer: dito

> * Set option `table.rtas-ctas.atomicity-enabled` to `true`.

Reviewer: Add a link.

* Does not support creating partitioned table yet.
* Does not support specifying primary key constraints yet.

> **Note** By default, the target table replaced or created by RTAS is non-atomic, the table won't be dropped or restore to origin automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** By default, RTAS is non-atomic which means the table won't be dropped or restored to its origin automatically if occur errors while inserting data into the table.
```

### Atomicity

> If you want to implement atomicity RTAS, then you need to fulfill the following conditions at the same time:

Reviewer: dito.
